Rewriting parts of the README and getting started guides for 4.0 (#6767)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/03_building-with-blocks/01_blocks-and-event-listeners.md

# Blocks and Event Listeners

> We briefly descirbed the Blocks class in the [Quickstart](/guides/quickstart#custom-demos-with-grblocks) as a way to build custom demos. Let's dive deeper. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We briefly descirbed the Blocks class in the [Quickstart](/main/guides/quickstart#custom-demos-with-gr-blocks) as a way to build custom demos. Let's dive deeper. 
```
